README.rst, before:

About
=====

aie (Appearance Is Everything) is a collection of advanced themes for the Qooxdoo javascript framework.


Roadmap
=======

Version: "Go Live".
Release Date: TBD.
Details: An objective of aie will be to provide familiar and unique themes. This version will only cover the "familiar"
part of the objective. Themes included will be Windows 7 and OSX.

Your Opinion
============
We would love to hear your opinion on qooxdoo themes. Our overarching goal is to build something that will be used. 
If you believe that a particular look and feel would be used more than others then please let us know by dropping us
a line at feedback@sqville.com.
Thanks!

License
=======

aie may be used under the terms of either the GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL) or the Eclipse Public License (EPL).

This is to keep in line with qooxdoo's licensing structure.

Demos
===========

Demos can be seen here. <Link to demos once live>


Quick start
===========

Here is a quick start guide. <Link to quick start guide once live>



Learn more
==========

* About aie
  Link to notes

* Release notes
  Link to notes

* User manual
  Link to manual

Commit message:

Updated readme with link to examples

README.rst, after:

About
=====

aie (Appearance Is Everything) is a collection of advanced themes for the Qooxdoo javascript framework.


Roadmap
=======

Version: "Go Live".
Release Date: TBD.
Details: An objective of aie will be to provide familiar and unique themes. This version will only cover the "familiar"
part of the objective. Themes included will be Windows 7 and OSX.

Your Opinion
============
We would love to hear your opinion on qooxdoo themes. Our overarching goal is to build something that will be used. 
If you believe that a particular look and feel would be used more than others then please let us know by dropping us
a line at feedback@sqville.com.
Thanks!

License
=======

aie may be used under the terms of either the GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL) or the Eclipse Public License (EPL).

This is to keep in line with qooxdoo's licensing structure.

Demos
===========

Demos can be seen here. www.sqville.com/examples/index.html


Quick start
===========

Here is a quick start guide. <Link to quick start guide once live>



Learn more
==========

* About aie
  Link to notes

* Release notes
  Link to notes

* User manual
  Link to manual
